I am faster
Lin Xiaoxiao, don't run
Lin Xiaoxiao come out for me
Come and die
Then you come and let me go, I'll do it myself
I'll let you go.
It seems you already knew
The star asked this bitch to be your mother
My daddy will never like you
You shut up
Li Xiaochuan
Didn't you always want to be separated from your mother?
Yes, okay.
Then I'll let you two
Die together
Lin Xiaoxiao come out for me
Mommy
Mom
Hey
Lin Xiaoxiao
Give me back Dabao
Squeeze the poison out of me
I will return your son to you
What did you do to detoxify me?
I don't remember
come
Let me hit you twice and I'll give you my son back
Don't push your luck.
It seems that you don't want to see the eldest son.
OK
To hell with it.